Categorize each of the following research questions as "good" or "bad", and provide alternative formulations for the bad ones. 
Save your responses in a document of some kind, submit a link below, and discuss your reasoning with your mentor.

What is the 1994 rate of juvenile delinquency in the U.S.? Bad- This already known and would not require a model (i.e nothing to predict)
A better question would be, what will the juvenile delinquency rate be in 2020. 

What can we do to reduce juvenile delinquency in the U.S.? Bad- This is a vague question and broad in scope. It cannot easily
be translated into a numerical solution. A better question would be, what are the factors that have the most power in explaining
delinquency rate. From this question, they can then guage which are the factors that they need to focus on. 

Does education play a role in reducing juvenile delinquents' return to crime? Good

How many customers does AT&T currently serve in Washington, DC? Bad - This should be a known quantity and would not require a model. 
A better question would be how many customers in the DC area use other service providers. 

What factors lead consumers to choose AT&T over other service providers? Good assuming the factors can be defined with the data available.

How can AT&T attract more customers? Bad - the last question is better. This could be framed, which factors are predictive of customes 
choosing other service providers. 

Why did the Challenger Shuttle explode? Bad - It could have exploded for various reasons, some of which might not be quantified 
numerically. Better question - What is the likehood of a shuttle exploding, based on the probability of system failure for each part 
of the shuttle.

Which genes are associated with increased risk of breast cancer? Good

Is it better to read to children at night or in the morning? Bad - What does better mean? Does it mean reading profiency?
Do they sleep more? This should be something that is quantifiable and more defined. Better question - Does reading to children at night 
improve their reading levels more so than reading in the morning. 

How does Google’s search algorithm work? Bad- This is more of a technical question about process, and does not involve predicting
any outcome based on certain factors. Better to ask - What are the factors of a search that are most predictive of the search results order.
