Let's say we work at a credit card company and we're trying to figure out if people are going to pay their bills on time. 
We have everyone's purchases, split into four main categories: groceries, dining out, utilities, and entertainment. 
What are some ways you might use KNN to create this model? What aspects of KNN would be useful? 
Write up your thoughts in submit a link below.


I could use KNN to find similarities in credit card holder payment behavior, based on the spend of the 4 categories and classify them 
based on their likelihood to pay on time. There are a variety of factors that influence the behavior to pay off a credit card so this type 
of model will be useful, when trying to understand the combined realtionship these factors have on the outcome variable.  Another beneficial 
part of KNN would be the ability to choose the number of neighbors to use as the K and being able to weigh the observations used in K 
by the distance to the predicted datapoint. Also, its a plus that my variables are all continuous. 

There are things I would need to do in order to run this: 

  First looking at the data, I would want to understand the relationship each variable has with the outcome variable, as well
  as looking at possible correlations my inputs have with each other. Maybe I would consider not using all of the given features
  dpending in their impact on my model in predicting the outcome. 

  Normalize- Since the spend of the 4 categories likely have different bounds and ranges, I could either: 
  1. set bounds to 0 and 1, and recale every variables witin those bounds. I would first want to look to see if these variables have 
  a linnear relationship with my outcome variable, to understand whether scaling to a 0 and 1 range makes sense. 
  2. calculate z scores, and use them as basis for measuring distance, which puts everything in terms of how far from the mean it is. 
  note- scaling could prove problematic, if i am interested in looking at total spend as a predictor of late payments. 
  
  Weighting - Likely some variables are more significant in predicting late paymnets than others, so these variables should be weighted by 
  distance. Those data points now, with lower distances will have a higher weight than higher distances. 
  
  Selecting K - I would want to try multiple models here, and cross validate to see which K amount is best
  
